Respect local environment configuration for app file storage (#4606)
beeware/toga: changes/2867.bugfix.md

> Desktop backends now respect user and system environment configuration (`XDG_CONFIG_HOME`, `XDG_DATA_HOME`, `XDG_CACHE_HOME`, and `XDG_STATE_HOME` on Linux; `%LOCALAPPDATA%` on Windows) for application storage paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Desktop backends now respect user and system environment configuration (XDG base directories on Linux; `%LOCALAPPDATA%` on Windows) for application storage paths.
```
